
AWARD-WINNING VACCUM CLEANER WITH WATER FILTER
Menu: 
	•	Home
	•	System
	•	Shop
	•	How it works
	•	  
Best Product of the year, Plus X Award in three categories - Innovation, High Quality and Functionality.
Your personal AQUA STAR vacuum cleaner with water filter is available in the exquisite colour shades of pure white and deep sea blue.
System

The motor head Function and design in harmony!
The motor head of the AQUA - STAR vacuum cleaner impresses with its unique design. Its special feature is found in the continuously variable control of performance, which can easily be adjusted on the rotary knob. See for yourself the ease of handling and excellent performance of the vivenso water vacuum cleaner.

The water tank
Dust does not stand a chance.
The vivenso water vacuum cleaner works without filter paper, fine dust filters, HEPA filters, engine filters, exhaust filters, etc. The vivenso vacuum cleaner with water filter absorbs the odours and dust particles from the air, the water filter binds the particles. The outstanding dry-lock function is an innovative idea to optimise the maintenance. The handle of the water tank not only allows easy transport, but also optimal drying.

The undercarriage
Fast and flexible on the go!
The rollers on the undercarriage enable optimum flexibility. They ensure that your water vacuum can accompany you wherever you go.

The Separator the heart of the water vacuum cleaner
The especially for the vivenso water vacuum cleaner developed double-step separator is outstanding.
The advantages of two separators in one. The staggered positioning of the lamella causes a higher turbulence in the water, so that the dust particles are absorbed even faster. The straightly positioned lamella in the lower area of the separator reduce the resistance of the separator in the water and literally push the water to the top of the separator. The lamella positioned at an angle in this area scoop the water like a mill - thereby literally washing the air in the vacuum cleaner with water filter.
Shop
AQUA STAR BASIC SET PURE WHITE
What is included 
£3’000
 
AQUA STAR BASIC SET DEEP SEA BLUE
 What is included
×
The basic unit included standard accessories

Accessory holder

Drain adapter

Stainless steel telescopic tube

Hygiene & cleaning agents

Natural hair broom

Natural hair dusting brush

Crevice nozzle

Upholstery nozzle

Cleaning key

Suction hose 2.5 m with air control

Suction/Blowing tip with flexible tube
Close 
£3’000
 
EXCLUSIVE POWER BRUSH
 
Price
Button

BLACK FRIDAY DEAL

Buy 50 mobiles and get a gift card
BLACK FRIDAY DEAL

Buy 50 mobiles and get a gift card
BLACK FRIDAY DEAL

Buy 50 mobiles and get a gift card
How it works
AQUA STAR uses only water as a filter
Natures way of cleaning trapping all dust, dirt, and allergens into the water where it can be flushed away and out of your home for good.
NO FILTER
Nothing ever to buy with AQUA STAR System. Unlike many other water vacuums, uses only water to filter and purify the air in your home.
Powerful suction and airflow
AQUA STAR qualify made in Germany allows for powerful suction and extreme airflow to allow everything that it runs over to be picked up and put in the water.
Power and control at your fingertips
The command control knob has been placed right in the center of AQUA STAR for easy access to speed control and the power of the suction.

AIR CLEANING
Set AQUA STAR in a central location in your home and watch how it pulls the air around it with a powerful force to give you a fresh, clean, water washed breathable air for you and your family to breathe.
Patented Locking Powerhead
AQUA STAR patented locking power head gives you the control and steadiness you need to effectively vacuum stairs, upholstery and bedding.
MODERN LED LIGHT DISPLAY
Just like a new German car, AQUA STAR's ESB lights ensure dust, dirt, and allergens gets seen even in the darkest corners of your home.
BLOWER
AQUA STAR works as a blower as well. Effectivly inflating ballons, air matresses, pool toys, as well as stubborn leaves and dirt from you door ways.


SEK (Spray Extension Kit)
AQUA STAR SEK is the perfect match for high traffic areas, spots, stains, and spills.
Multi-Talented Powerhouse
AQUA STAR vacuum is a multi-talented powerhouse of a cleaning tool. Replacing over 12 different and separate items in your home that you are already currently using.
copyright lad8s
Get deals: Sign Up 
